[Music]
how cats say I love you cats live for
themselves Rudyard Kipling claimed they
aren't inclined to become attached to
others unlike dogs which wag their tails
and run up to you for a hug cats are
much more reserved their owners can only
guess what their furry companions are
feeling but is it really so it's time to
decode all the hidden signals cats give
out if you think your pet acts strangely
don't worry
perhaps they just show you their love so
cross your fingers and watch the video
till the end there you will find a
useful bonus how to understand your cats
by its tail here we go your cat truly
loves you if if he / so much you can't
sleep if you are a lucky owner of a cat
certainly sometimes you experience the
feeling of a small tractor working on
your chest it doesn't always happen at a
decent time this engine can start at
3:00 in the morning or when you're
trying to have a much-needed nap well
your cat in fact doesn't hate you quite
the contrary
purring is the way a cat expresses love
according to scientists purring can also
be a sign of worry or discomfort but if
your cat is purring by your side you can
be sure that they are expressing their
attachment to you
if she follows you everywhere if you
have a little furry tail following you
along the route kitchen bathroom bedroom
kitchen bathroom again be happy it
doesn't mean your cat is hungry and
demands food and no you don't need to
play with her immediately this is how
cats express their wish to spend time
with their owners if your cat is
following you at your heels it means she
likes your company if he nibbles your
skin that's when I could easily live
without you could say probably but
remember that your cat doesn't really
want to hurt you if provoked when you
play with him the cat might start to
chew lightly on the opponent's hand but
this is just playful fighting there
might be another reason
mommy cats usually nibble their kittens
when they tidy them up so it's a sign of
love probably your cat tries to show you
the same affection if she sticks close
to you and winds herself around your
legs
yes it's distracting yes you can trip
over her yes it slows you down but do
you know what it means if your cat rubs
against you by leaving her scent on you
your cat is letting potential
competitors know that you belong to her
cats are known for being possessive and
jealous but this is also how they
demonstrate tenderness and attention if
she bends the tip of her tail when she
looks at you and cats tail is a really
cool thing actually it serves as a
barometer of a cat's mood
when your cat extends her tail straight
up and bends only the tip this is a sign
of curiosity and friendly attitude
towards you another explanation is that
the cat feels particularly playful and
wants to have some fun with you
[Music]
if he has a staring contest with you
we humans consider staring rude that's
why some people who oh my don't like
cats misinterpret cats tears as evil but
cats etiquette is quite different in
their body language long staring means
friendliness and intense interest so the
next time you find yourself under your
cat's unblinking stare take it as a
compliment you are interesting cats are
a little like many men if they can't
take their eyes off you it means they
love you if he isn't afraid to show his
belly if your fur ball exposes his belly
it may be a sign of complete relaxation
cats do this when they feel comfortable
content and happy it may be as well an
invitation to rub their tummy a great
gift to you in any cat's opinion but
what is even more likely this is a sign
of a high level of attachment felt by
the cat towards you it shows how much
your cat trusts you
if she brings you gifts some people wake
up to the variety of cat toys spread
around on their bed others find gifts
from cats such as paper balls or sweet
covers in their boots a few lucky ones
get once alive presents mice insects or
baby snakes in fact it's a reason to be
happy your cat loves you that's how she
shows that she wants to care for you
unfortunately doing this she relies on
her taste if he comes up close and
face-to-face with you if your cat
Nestle's his head against you juts his
forehead into your forehead neck or leg
it's a good sign he is just showing that
he considers you someone close to him
the ritual of rubbing noses for example
can happen only when the cat accepts you
and gets comfortable so whenever your
cat occupies all your field of view
whenever they place themselves between
you and your computer just smile and
enjoy the honor while it lasts if she
gives you a massage it would be so cute
if it weren't so painful it's better to
cover yourself with a blanket or another
soft and thick barrier when your cat
decides you are in need of some massage
otherwise you can wear scratch marks for
the next several days so why does your
cat need you there might be two reasons
she is trying to find the most
comfortable place to fall asleep or at
least to arrange it or she is trying to
tell you how happy she is to be with you
and in this case the kneading is a sign
of affection don't punish your cat if
she makes this process painful for you
she is extending her claws reflexively
out of pleasure not to hurt you
now here's the promised bonus how to
understand your cat's emotion by its
tail tail straight up your cat feels
friendly happy and content
tail raised back at an angle your cat
feels unsure but not aggressive tail
straight up quivering it is an excellent
sign your cat is happy to see you
thrashing tail
it can mean several strong emotions from
strong interest and ecstasy from being
petted anger and aggression you need to
watch other body signs bristled tail
your cat is scared see some threat and
is in defensively aggressive posture
tail entwined around another cat object
or your hand it's an analogy of people's
hugs cat show their friendship this way
we're happy if this video has helped you
to understand your beloved pet a bit
more and become confident in their love
for you don't forget to hit the like
button and share it with your friends
who are cat lovers click subscribe to
join us on the right side of life
[Music]